## Fake SMBX 1.4 (Change to 1.0) Download | Tested

 " width="300">

 
# Fake SMBX 1.4 (Change to 1.0) Download | Tested
 
If you are a fan of Super Mario Bros. X (SMBX), you might have heard of a version called SMBX 1.4, which claims to have many new features and improvements over the original game. However, this version is not official and is actually a fake created by a hacker named 38A.
 
## fake smbx 1.4 (change to 1.0) download | tested


[**DOWNLOAD**](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fshurll.com%2F2tKpd1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw3l8GxjZFs-EbH2Ch9JKays)

 
In this article, we will show you how to download and install the fake SMBX 1.4, and how to change it to SMBX 1.0, which is the latest official version of the game. We will also test the fake SMBX 1.4 and compare it with the real SMBX 1.0.
 
## How to Download and Install Fake SMBX 1.4
 
The fake SMBX 1.4 can be downloaded from various websites that host fan-made games and mods. However, we do not recommend downloading it from these sources, as they may contain viruses or malware that can harm your computer.
 
The safest way to download the fake SMBX 1.4 is from the official website of the hacker, which can be found here: [https://wohlsoft.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?f=58&t=385](https://wohlsoft.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?f=58&t=385). This website is in Russian, so you may need to use a translator to understand it.
 
Once you have downloaded the fake SMBX 1.4, you need to extract it using a program like WinRAR or 7-Zip. You will get a folder called "SMBX-38A" that contains the game files.
 
To install the fake SMBX 1.4, you need to copy the folder "SMBX-38A" to your desired location on your computer. You can also rename the folder if you want.
 
To run the fake SMBX 1.4, you need to double-click on the file "smbx.exe" inside the folder "SMBX-38A". You will see a splash screen with the logo of SMBX 1.4 and the name of the hacker.
 
## How to Change Fake SMBX 1.4 to SMBX 1.0
 
If you want to play the real SMBX 1.0 instead of the fake SMBX 1.4, you need to delete some files from the folder "SMBX-38A". These files are:
 
- smbx.exe
- data
- worlds
- config
- editor
- launcher
- readme.txt

After deleting these files, you need to download and install the real SMBX 1.0 from the official website of the game, which can be found here: [https://www.supermariobrosx.org/download.php](https://www.supermariobrosx.org/download.php).
 
Once you have downloaded and installed the real SMBX 1.0, you need to copy the folder "SMBX" that contains the game files to the same location where you have the folder "SMBX-38A". You can also rename the folder "SMBX" if you want.
 
To run the real SMBX 1.0, you need to double-click on the file "smbx.exe" inside the folder "SMBX". You will see a splash screen with the logo of SMBX 1.0 and the name of Redigit.
 
## How to Test Fake SMBX 1.4 and Compare It with Real SMBX 1.0
 
If you want to test the fake SMBX 1.4 and compare it with the real SMBX 1.0, you need to run both versions of the game and play some levels or episodes.
 
The fake SMBX 1.4 has some features that are not present in the real SMBX 1.0, such as:

- A built-in level editor that allows you to create and edit levels in-game.
- A scripting system that allows you 0f148eb4a0
